Fixes #615 - Add documentation for upgrade procedure (#621)
theforeman/foremanctl: docs/developer/development-environment.md

  - `smart-proxy` and its plugins
  - the development smart proxy registered into Foreman

### Upgrading from source

> In a source install, git branches control versioning instead of RPM packages. Stable branches (e.g. `2.y-stable`) track a specific Foreman Y-stream, while the `master` branch tracks nightly changes (most recent).

Reviewer: This procedure needs to be specific about where foremanctl is being run from since from a git checkout you can run it from your Laptop pointed at a VM. Or you can run it from a git checkout on the VM.

Author: @ehelms I added "These steps assume that foremanctl is being ran from the same machine that the source lives on." on 137.

> All below steps must be run as root user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All steps must be run as the root user.
```

> 1. Please take a moment to determine your preferred Foreman version / git branch. Cross-reference with the Foreman version table above.

Reviewer: This makes it sound like the user can upgrade from any version to any other version, which we do not test.

Author: We support y+1 and y+2 correct? Ex: 2.1 -> 2.2 or 2.3.

Reviewer: We support sequential updates only AFAIK.

  - `smart-proxy` and its plugins
  - the development smart proxy registered into Foreman

### Upgrading from source

In a source install, git branches control versioning instead of RPM packages. Stable branches (e.g. `2.y-stable`) track a specific Foreman Y-stream, while the `master` branch tracks nightly changes (most recent).

Specific versions of foremanctl always map to the same version of Foreman, regardless of parameter configuration:

- 1.2.z+ -> Foreman 3.17
- 2.0.z+ -> Foreman 3.18

> - 2.2.z+ -> Foreman 3.19

Reviewer 2: Maintaining this mapping might grow into a maintenance headache.

> All steps must be run as the root user. These steps assume that foremanctl is being ran from the same machine that the source lives on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All steps must be run as the root user. These steps assume that foremanctl is being ran from the same machine that Foreman was deployed on.
```

> 1. Please take a moment to determine your preferred Foreman version / git branch, we only support sequential updates.

Reviewer 2: We don't support anything on development environments, so people can `git pull` at will.

> 2. We recommend a full foremanctl backup before all upgrade operations. Run `foremanctl backup <filepath for backup>`. Please see [Backup](backup.md) for more information on this process.

Reviewer 2: While it's a good practice, I'm not sure how many people will be taking backups of their development environment. Actually, it makes me wonder if they're somehow incompatible with backup/restore.

  - `smart-proxy` and its plugins
  - the development smart proxy registered into Foreman

### Upgrading from source

In a source install, git branches control versioning instead of RPM packages. Stable branches (e.g. `2.y-stable`) track a specific Foreman Y-stream, while the `master` branch tracks nightly changes (most recent).

Specific versions of foremanctl always map to the same version of Foreman, regardless of parameter configuration:

- 1.2.z+ -> Foreman 3.17
- 2.0.z+ -> Foreman 3.18
- 2.2.z+ -> Foreman 3.19

> TODO: This table needs an explanation for the Y stream schema. Ask Evgeni or Ewoud about this. Add a resource where users can match a Foreman version to a foremanctl version.

Reviewer: Noting this TODO here still.

  - `smart-proxy` and its plugins
  - the development smart proxy registered into Foreman

### Upgrading from source

In a source install, git branches control versioning instead of RPM packages. Stable branches (e.g. `2.y-stable`) track a specific Foreman Y-stream, while the `master` branch tracks nightly changes (most recent).

> All steps must be run as the root user. These steps assume that foremanctl is being ran from the same machine that Foreman was deployed on.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Run all steps as the root user in the foremanctl source directory unless otherwise specified.
```

1. Pull the latest changes using `git pull`.

> 2. Begin the upgrade by stopping all Foreman processes with `systemctl stop foreman.target`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Begin the upgrade by stopping all Foreman processes by running `systemctl stop foreman.target` on your deployment environment.
```

  - `smart-proxy` and its plugins
  - the development smart proxy registered into Foreman

### Upgrading from source

In a source install, git branches control versioning instead of RPM packages. Stable branches (e.g. `2.y-stable`) track a specific Foreman Y-stream, while the `master` branch tracks nightly changes (most recent).

> Run all the steps as the root user in the foremanctl source directory unless otherwise specified.

Reviewer: This needs to note that these steps assume foremanctl is cloned on the same machine foreman is deployed on.
